{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16200\viewh13200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 WEEK 1\
\
Module 1: MOOC Overview \
Module 1 summarizes the organization of the MOOC and the topics it covers. It also discusses the MOOC prerequisites, workload, and learning strategies needed to complete the MOOC successfully. It then presents an overview of key features in the Java language, outlining its support for object-oriented programming concepts that guide the development of Android apps. \
\
6 videos, 1 reading \
	1.	Video: Overview of Java for Android MOOC  \
	2.	Reading: Responses to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) and PDF Versions of Slides  \
	3.	Video: Module 1: Overview  \
	4.	Video: MOOC Contents, Organization, and Learning Strategies  \
	5.	Video: Overview of the Java Programming Language (Part 1)  \
	6.	Video: Overview of the Java Programming Language (Part 2)  \
	7.	Video: Overview Summary  \
Show less \
\
Graded: Module 1 Quiz \
\
\
Module 2: Introduction to Android Studio \
Module 2 provides an overview of Android Studio, explaining how to install it and apply it to develop a simple app using basic Java and Android features presented in this MOOC. \
\
13 videos \
	1.	Video: Module 2 Introduction  \
	2.	Video: Installing Java and Android Studio  \
	
\f1\b 3.	Video: Creating and Importing Projects
\f0\b0   \
	4.	Video: Introducing the Editor  \
	
\f1\b 5.	Video: Project File Organization  
\f0\b0 \
	6.	Video: Creating and Editing Source Code and Resource Files  \
	7.	Video: Creating and Running a Virtual Device  \
	8.	Video: Debugging Syntax Errors  \
	9.	Video: Logging with Logcat  \
	10.	Video: TODO Statements  \
	11.	Video: Testing Your Code: Self Assessment Via Unit Tests  \
	12.	Video: Making Zip File for Uploading Multiple Files At Once  \
	13.	Video: Module 2 Summary  \
Show less \
\
Graded: Module 2 Quiz \
\
\
Module 3: Writing a Simple Android App Using Basic Java Features \
Module 3 shows how to write a simple Android app that denes variables using primitive Java data types, shows how to assign values to those variables, and output them to the Android display using Java classes and methods. \
\
\
9 videos, 6 readings \
	1.	Video: Module Introduction  \
	
\f1\b 2.	Video: Main Components in a Computing System
\f0\b0   \
	3.	Reading: Slide deck  \
	
\f1\b 4.	Video: Variables and Types  \
	5.	Video: Expressions
\f0\b0   \
	6.	Reading: Slide deck  \
	
\f1\b 7.	Video: Printing data 
\f0\b0  \
	8.	Reading: Printing slide deck  \
	
\f1\b 9.	Video: The Math Class  
\f0\b0 \
	10.	Reading: Math slide deck  \
	
\f1\b 11.	Video: The String Class  
\f0\b0 \
	12.	Reading: String slide deck  \
	
\f1\b 13.	Video: Methods 
\f0\b0  \
	14.	Reading: Slide deck  \
	15.	Video: Module Conclusion  \
Show less \
Graded: Module 3 Quiz Graded: Geometry Calculations - Auto Graded }